feat: support new tags attribute in cluster, advanced_cluster, and serverless_instance (#1461)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/serverless_instance.html.markdown

  Human-readable label that identifies the physical location of your MongoDB serverless instance. The region you choose can affect network latency for clients accessing your databases.
* `continuous_backup_enabled` - (Optional) Flag that indicates whether the serverless instance uses [Serverless Continuous Backup](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-serverless-backup). If this parameter is false or not used, the serverless instance uses [Basic Backup](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/configure-serverless-backup).  
* `termination_protection_enabled` - Flag that indicates whether termination protection is enabled on the cluster. If set to true, MongoDB Cloud won't delete the cluster. If set to false, MongoDB Cloud will delete the cluster.

> * `tags` - (Optional) Configuration for the collection of key-value pairs that tag and categorize the serverless instance. See [below](#tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) List that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster. See [tags](#tags).
```

### Tags

 ```terraform
 tags {
        key   = "Key 1"
        value = "Value 1"
  }
 tags {
        key   = "Key 2"
        value = "Value 2"
  }
```

>  Key-value pairs used for tagging and categorizing the serverless instance. Each key and value has a maximum length of 255 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster.
```

* `key` - (Required) Constant that defines the set of the tag.
* `value` - (Required) Variable that belongs to the set of the tag.

> For additional information you can reference [Resource Tags](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tags/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, see [Resource Tags](https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/add-cluster-tag-atlas).
```
